# CS255
Repository for the work in my CS 255 System Analysis and Design course at SNHU

In this course, the main projects were for a company called DriverPass. It was a company that allowed customers who wanted to take their driving test to acheive their driver's license to take practice exams based on DMV rules and regulations, as well as practice driving with a driver employee of the company. They wanted a system that was cloud based and accessed through the internet. It would allow users to create their own accounts, and customers would be able to take tyheir practice exams, have access to course materials, schedule driving appointments, etc. Throughout the projects, I had to create multiple UML diagrams, such as use-case, sequence, and class diagrams. I feel like I did a decent job at creating the various diagrams. If I could do one part of everything over, I would probably try to expand on the technical requirements for this system. Interpreting the user's needs was fairly straight-forward. The interview provided gave a very clear layout of the things the client needed, such as the need to be able to generate reports from system data or for the system to verify the schedule before allowing users to schedule their appointments. It is very important to listen to the client's needs when designing the system, because otherwise it is very possible that the client will be presented with a system that doesn't do what they requested. Not only would this lead to wasted time and resources, but it would also damage the client/business relationship and damage the reputation of the system designer. I don't really have any experience with designing software yet, apart from what I have done in my various courses at SNHU. However, I have learned a lot from those courses and know that first the most important thing is understanding what the software needs to be able to do. Secondly, understanding how to keep everything as efficient as possible.
